Viewer doc (#142)
SPAAM-community/AMDirT: docs/source/tutorials/viewer.md

> On this page we provide step-by-step video tutorials on how to use the AMDirT graphical-user-interface (GUI) of the `viewer` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this page we provide a step-by-step video tutorial on how to use the AMDirT graphical-user-interface (GUI) of the `viewer` command.
```
